<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Attributes of &lt;b:column &gt;</b>
			</f:facet>
			<table class="table table-striped table-hover"
				style="background-color: #fff">
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Attribute</th>
						<th>Default value</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
					    <td>col-lg<br />colLg (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td> -1 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>col-md<br />colMd (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td> -1 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>col-sm<br />colSm (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td> -1 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>col-xs<br />colXs (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td> -1 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>dir</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Direction indication for text that does not inherit directionality. Legal values: ltr (Default. Left-to-right text direction), rtl (Right-to-left text direction) and auto (let the browser figure out the direction of your alphebet, based on the page content).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>display</td>
					    <td> block </td>
					    <td>If you use the "visible" attribute, the value of this attribute is added. Legal values: block, inline, inline-block. Default: block.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>hidden</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>This row is hidden on a certain screen size and below. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>id</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>offset</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>offset-lg<br />offsetLg (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>offset-md<br />offsetMd (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>offset-sm<br />offsetSm (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>offset-xs<br />offsetXs (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rendered</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>span</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>style</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>styleClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Style class of this element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td> body </td>
					    <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering error in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative spelling)</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>visible</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>This row is shown on a certain screen size and above. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
		</b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
