<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:dropMenu &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>binding</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>An EL expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-class<br />contentClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>content-class is optional: if specified, the content will be displayed with this specific class</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-style<br />contentStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the content area.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>drop</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Use up For Dropup and down for Dropdown, default is down.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Navigation Link Icon, can be one of the Bootstrap's Glyphicons icon names. Alignment can be specified with the icon-align attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-align<br />iconAlign (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Alignment can be right or left.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-awesome<br />iconAwesome (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Navigation Link Font Awesome Icon, can be one of the Font Awesome icon names. Alignment can be specified with the icon-align attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style class</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>value</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The Label for the Dropdown.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
