<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:navBar &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>alt</td>
                <td> Brand </td>
                <td>alternative text</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>binding</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>An EL expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Brand for the Navbar.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-align<br />brandAlign (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Brand alignment, can be right or left.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-href<br />brandHref (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Link URL for the Navbar Brand.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-img<br />brandImg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Optional brand image.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-img-style<br />brandImgStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS inline style of the brand image.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-img-style-class<br />brandImgStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style class of the brand image.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-style<br />brandStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the optional navBar brand.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-style-class<br />brandStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style class of the optional navBar brand.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>brand-target<br />brandTarget (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Optional target of the HTML anchor tag that's rendered for the brand image. E.g. # opens the link in a new tab. This attribute is only evaluated if you provide a brand-href.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-disabled<br />contentDisabled (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Enables or disables every child element of this container. By default, child elements are enabled.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fixed</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Deprecated (use position and sticky instead). If specified, the Fixed Bar will be rendered on top or bottom of the page. Can be "bottom", "top" or "non-sticky". The latter is a footer that scrolls with the page.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fluid</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Boolean value default is false; when set to true the navbar container will be "fluid": a full width container, spanning the entire width of the viewport.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>inverse</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify if Navbar should use inverse color scheme.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onclick</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript function which is called when the widget is clicked.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>position</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Position of the navBar. Legal values: "top", "bottom" or "inline". The default value is "top".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>static</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Deprecated (use position and sticky instead). If true, a full-width navbar that scrolls away with the page will be rendered. Can be true or false, default false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>sticky</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Determines whether the navBar is pinned at its default position (i.e. sticky="true"), or if it scrolls with the page (sticky="false").</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the navBar element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of the navBar element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
