<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Attributes of &lt;b:navCommandLink &gt;</b>
			</f:facet>
			<table class="table table-striped table-hover"
				style="background-color: #fff">
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Attribute</th>
						<th>Default value</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
					    <td>action</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The button action, this can be method expression or a string outcome.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>actionListener</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>A method expression that refers to a method with this signature: void methodName(Action-Event).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>active</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Adds the active state to the link.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>binding</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>An el expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>contentClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>contentClass is optional: if specified, the content (i.e. the anchor tag) will be displayed with this specific class</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>contentStyle</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Inline style of the content area (i.e the anchor tag).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>fragment</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The fragment  that is to be appended to the target URL. The # separator is applied automatically and needs not be included.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>header</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>If present, this element is rendered as Header in a menu with the text specifide by this attribute value: all other attributes will be ignored.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>href</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>URL to link directly to implement anchor behavior.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>icon</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Navigation Link Icon, can be one of the Bootstrap's Glyphicons icon names. Alignment can be specified with the iconAlign attribute.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>iconAlign</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Alignment can right or left.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>iconAwesome</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Navigation Link Font Awesome Icon, can be one of the Font Awesome icon names. Alignment can be specified with the iconAlign attribute.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>id</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>onblur</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>JavaScript function which is called when the widget looses the focus.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>onclick</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>JavaScript function which is called when the widget is clicked.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>onmouseover</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>JavaScript function which is called when the mouse hovers over the widget.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>outcome</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The outcome to navigate to.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rendered</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>style</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Inline style</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>styleClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>CSS style class</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelay</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayHide</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayShow</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipPosition</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>value</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Navigation Link text.</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
		</b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
