<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:panel &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>ajax</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Activates AJAX. The default value is false (no AJAX).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>binding</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>An EL expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-lg<br />colLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-md<br />colMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-sm<br />colSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-xs<br />colXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>collapsed</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Is the panel collapsed?</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>collapsible</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>By default, panels can be folded by clicking the title bar. Seting collapsible to false will suppress the collapse/expand feature.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-class<br />contentClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>content-class is optional: if specified, the content will be displayed with this specific class</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-disabled<br />contentDisabled (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Enables or disables every child element of this container. By default, child elements are enabled.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-style<br />contentStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the content area.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dir</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Direction indication for text that does not inherit directionality. Legal values: ltr (Default. Left-to-right text direction), rtl (Right-to-left text direction) and auto (let the browser figure out the direction of your alphabet, based on the page content).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>disabled</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify if the button is disabled.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>display</td>
                <td> block </td>
                <td>If you use the "visible" attribute, the value of this attribute is added. Legal values: block, inline, inline-block. Default: block.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>hidden</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is hidden on a certain screen size and below. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Panel header icon, can be one of the Bootstrap's Glyphicons icon names. Alignment can be specified with the icon-align attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-align<br />iconAlign (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Alignment can be right or left.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-awesome<br />iconAwesome (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Font Awesome icon to show in this Panel header, can be one of the Font Awesome icon names. Alignment can be specified with the icon-align attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-flip<br />iconFlip (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Flip the icon: can be H (horizontal) or V (vertical).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-rotate<br />iconRotate (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Rotate 90 degrees the icon: Can be L,R.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-size<br />iconSize (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Icon Size: legal values are lg, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-spin<br />iconSpin (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value: if true the icon will spin.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>immediate</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Flag indicating that, if this component is activated by the user, notifications should be delivered to interested listeners and actions immediately (that is, during Apply Request Values phase) rather than waiting until Invoke Application phase. Default is false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>large-screen<br />largeScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-lg. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>look</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Look of the Panel, can be primary, success, info, warning, danger. Default is warning.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>medium-screen<br />mediumScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-md. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-lg<br />offsetLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-md<br />offsetMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-sm<br />offsetSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-xs<br />offsetXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onclick</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The onclick attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>oncollapse</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript code or AJAX method to be executed when the panel starts to be collapsed.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>oncollapsed</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript code or AJAX method to be executed when the panel has finished collapsing.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>oncomplete</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript to be executed when ajax completes with success.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ondblclick</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when input element is double clicked.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onexpand</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript code or AJAX method to be executed when the panel starts to be expanded.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onexpanded</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript code or AJAX method to be executed when the panel has finished expandeding.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmousedown</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is pressed down over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmousemove</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved within input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmouseout</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved away from input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmouseover</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved onto input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmouseup</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is released over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>process</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Comma or space separated list of ids or search expressions denoting which values are to be sent to the server.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-collapse-link<br />showCollapseLink (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Collapsible panel headers are decorated by an underline to indicate it can be toggled using the keyboard if you activate this feature by setting showCollapseLink='true'.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>small-screen<br />smallScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-sm. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>span</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the entire panel area.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of the input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tiny-screen<br />tinyScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-xs. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>title</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Title is optional: if specified, the heading facet will not be rendered and the panel will render with a heading with this Title.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>title-class<br />titleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>TitleClass is optional: if specified, the title will be displayed with this specific class</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>title-style<br />titleStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the title area.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>update</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Which region of the screen is to be updated? Default value: @form</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>visible</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is shown on a certain screen size and above. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
