<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:button &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>accesskey</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Access key to transfer focus to the input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>binding</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>An EL expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-lg<br />colLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-md<br />colMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-sm<br />colSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-xs<br />colXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dir</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Direction indication for text that does not inherit directionality. Legal values: ltr (Default. Left-to-right text direction), rtl (Right-to-left text direction) and auto (let the browser figure out the direction of your alphabet, based on the page content).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>disabled</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify if the button is disabled.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dismiss</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This attribute is mapped to the HTML5 data-dismiss custom attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>display</td>
                <td> block </td>
                <td>If you use the "visible" attribute, the value of this attribute is added. Legal values: block, inline, inline-block. Default: block.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fragment</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The fragment  that is to be appended to the target URL. The # separator is applied automatically and needs not be included.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>hidden</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is hidden on a certain screen size and below. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>href</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Specifies the URL of the page the link goes to.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Button Icon, can be one of the Bootstrap icon names. Alignment can be specified with icon-align attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-align<br />iconAlign (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Alignment can be right or left.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-awesome<br />iconAwesome (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Font Awesome Icon to show in this Button, can be one of the Font Awesome icon names. Alignment can be specified with the icon-align attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-flip<br />iconFlip (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Flip the icon: can be H (horizontal) or V (vertical).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-rotate<br />iconRotate (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Rotate 90 degrees the icon: Can be L,R.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-size<br />iconSize (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Icon Size: legal values are lg, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon-spin<br />iconSpin (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value: if true the icon will spin.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>lang</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Code describing the language used in the generated markup for this component.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>large-screen<br />largeScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-lg. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>look</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Look of the Button, can be primary, block, info, success, warning, important, error, inverse. If not specified, Standard gray button with gradient is rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>medium-screen<br />mediumScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-md. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-lg<br />offsetLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-md<br />offsetMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-sm<br />offsetSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-xs<br />offsetXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onblur</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when input element loses focus.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onchange</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when input element loses focus and its value has been modified since gaining focus.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onclick</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The onclick attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ondblclick</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when input element is double clicked.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onfocus</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when input element receives focus.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onkeydown</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a key is pressed down over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onkeypress</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a key is pressed and released over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onkeyup</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a key is released over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmousedown</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is pressed down over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmousemove</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved within input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmouseout</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved away from input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmouseover</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved onto input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onmouseup</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is released over input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onselect</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Client side callback to execute when text within input element is selected by user.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>outcome</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The outcome to navigate to.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>size</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Size of the button, can be large ('lg'), small ('sm'), or tiny ('xs'). If not specified, standard size button is rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>small-screen<br />smallScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-sm. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>span</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tabindex</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Position of this element in the tabbing order for the current document.  This value must be an integer between 0 and 32767.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>target</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Optional target of the HTML anchor tag that's rendered. E.g. # opens the link in a new tab. This attribute is only evaluated if you provide an href.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tiny-screen<br />tinyScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-xs. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>title</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Advisory tooltip information.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>value</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Optional button caption.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>visible</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is shown on a certain screen size and above. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
