<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:dataTableColumn &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>content-style<br />contentStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the cells in the content area.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-style-class<br />contentStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of cells in the content area..</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>custom-options<br />customOptions (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Allows you to pass an arbitrary option to the datatable widget. Separate the options by a comma if you pass more than one. Note that this may cause incompatibilities when the next version of BootsFaces is released. Use at own risk.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>data-order<br />dataOrder (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Allows you to specify a value for ordering. Useful i.E. for ordering formatted values.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>data-search<br />dataSearch (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Allows you to specify a value for searching. The search doesn't consider the real content of this column. Instead, it considers the value of the data-search attribute. Useful i.E. for searching formatted values.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>data-type<br />dataType (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Specifies order-by more precisely. Is also used by the filtering methods. Legal values are 'string', 'date', 'numeric'.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>footer-style<br />footerStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the footer cell.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>footer-style-class<br />footerStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this footer cell.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>header-style<br />headerStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the header cell.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>header-style-class<br />headerStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this header cell.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>label</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Label in the header of the colum.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>label-style<br />labelStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The CSS inline style of the label.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>label-style-class<br />labelStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The CSS class of the label.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>order</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Is the table to be sorted by this column? Legal values are 'asc' and 'desc'.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>order-by<br />orderBy (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Allows you to sort input field. Legal values are dom-text, dom-text-numeric, dom-select and dom-checkbox.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>orderable</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Disables or enables the sort button for this column.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>search-value<br />searchValue (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Initial content of the search filter field.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>searchable</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>If set to false, this column is excluded from the multi-column-search feature of b:dataTable. Defaults to true. Note that this feature is active only if both searching='true' and multi-column-search='true' are set on the datatable.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>value</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>EL expression referring to the back-end bean attribute providing the value of the field.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
