<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<style>
td {
	padding: 8px;
}
</style>
		<h1>Form (&lt;b:form /&gt;) <b:badge value="since 1.0" /> and FormGroup <b:badge value="since 1.1.0" /></h1>
		<p>The <code>&lt;b:form&gt;</code> tag is an enhanced version of <code>&lt;h:form&gt;</code>.</p>

		<h2>Basic usage</h2>
		<p>The <code>&lt;b:form&gt;</code> tag inherits all the <code>&lt;h:form&gt;</code> attributes and behavior plus some Bootstrap specific attributes.</p>
		<p>With Bootstrap you can have three kind of layouts for your forms:</p>
		<ul>
			<li><b>Basic Forms</b>, that stack input elements and labels vertically. That's the default layout you get with a standard <code>&lt;b:form/&gt;</code>
			       or a BootsFaces <code>&lt;b:form/&gt;</code> without attributes.</li>
			<li><b>Inline Forms</b>, where multiple form controls can reside on the same line (only within viewports that are at least 768px wide).
			       Inline forms are defined by  <code>&lt;b:form inline="true"/&gt;</code>.<br />
				    Note that in BootsFaces 1.0, some corner cases aren't support yet. In particular, input field with facets may be broken in inline forms.</li>
			<li><b>Horizontal Forms</b>, where the Grid system align labels and form controls in a horizontal layout (the rendered form group is treated as a row).
			        Horizontal forms are activated by the BootsFaces <code>&lt;b:form horizontal="true"/&gt;</code> tag.
				    In order to align horizontal forms neatly, add the attributes <code>label-col-xx="4"</code> and <code>col-xx="8</code>.
				    (Of course, you can also use the symbolic names of BootsFaces, such as <code>label-small-screen="one-third"</code>).
			</li>
				<li><b>Breaking change:</b> Before BootsFaces 1.0, inline forms were defined by adding <code>inline="true"</code>
					to the input field. This feature is deprecated (because it generats wrong HTML code). Adding insult to injury, it's 
					broken since BootsFaces 1.0. You can see such a broken example at the bottom of this page. Please migrate to the
					new horizontal or inline forms.</li>
		</ul>
		
		<h2>&lt;b:formGroup /&gt;</h2>
		<p>If you want to put muliple JSF elements into the same line of a horizontal form, you need to add a
		<code>&lt;b:formGroup /&gt;</code>. Otherwise, BootsFaces generates a <code>form-group</code> <code>div</code>
		for each component, thus ruining the layout.
		</p>
		

		<ui:include src="FormAttributes.xhtml" />
		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Skinning</b>
			</f:facet>
			<ul>
				<li>none.</li>
			</ul>
		</b:panel>

		<script type="text/javascript">
      		SyntaxHighlighter.all();
    	</script>
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
