<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:growl &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>allow-dismiss<br />allowDismiss (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Specifies whether the message can be dismissed.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>animation-enter<br />animationEnter (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> animated fadeInDown </td>
                <td>Animation of the message while entering</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>animation-exit<br />animationExit (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> animated fadeOutUp </td>
                <td>Animation of the message while exiting</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>delay</td>
                <td> 5000 </td>
                <td>The message is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>escape</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>By default, error messages encode HTML and JavaScript code. Instead of being executed, the source code is displayed. This protects you against hacker attacks. By setting escape=false, you deactivate the protection, and allow HTML and JavaScript code to be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>for</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The ID of the component whose attached FacesMessage object (if present) should be diplayed by this component. It takes precedence over globalOnly.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>global-only<br />globalOnly (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Specifies whether only messages (FacesMessage objects) not associated with a specific component should be displayed, ie whether messages should be ignored if they are attached to a particular component. Defaults to false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The glyphicon to display on message</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Get a string which uniquely identifies this UIComponent within the scope of the nearest ancestor NamingContainer component. The id is not necessarily unique across all components in the current view.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>newest-on-top<br />newestOnTop (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Specifies if newest messages must be displayed on top of the others.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>placement-align<br />placementAlign (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> right </td>
                <td>Horizontal position of the growl message. Valid values are 'left', 'center' or 'right'.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>placement-from<br />placementFrom (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> top </td>
                <td>Vertical position of the growl message. Valid values are 'top' or 'bottom'.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>A boolean value that indicates whether this component should be rendered. Default value: true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>severity</td>
                <td>(all)</td>
                <td>Comma separated list of lower case severity names of which messages should be rendered in this component. Allowed severity names: "info", "warn", "error", "fatal".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-detail<br />showDetail (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Specifies whether the detailed information from the message should be shown. Default to false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-summary<br />showSummary (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Specifies whether the summary information from the message should be shown. Defaults to true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>timer</td>
                <td> 1000 </td>
                <td>This is the amount of milliseconds removed from the notify at every timer milliseconds.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
