<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:message &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>col-lg<br />colLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-md<br />colMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-sm<br />colSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-xs<br />colXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dir</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>HTML: The direction of text display, either 'ltr' (left-to-right) or 'rtl' (right-to-left).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>display</td>
                <td> block </td>
                <td>If you use the "visible" attribute, the value of this attribute is added. Legal values: block, inline, inline-block. Default: block.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>error-class<br />errorClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "ERROR".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>error-style<br />errorStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "ERROR".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>escape</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>By default, error messages encode HTML and JavaScript code. Instead of being executed, the source code is displayed. This protects you against hacker attacks. By setting escape=false, you deactivate the protection, and allow HTML and JavaScript code to be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fatal-class<br />fatalClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "FATAL".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fatal-style<br />fatalStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "FATAL".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>for</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The ID of the component whose attached FacesMessage object (if present) should be diplayed by this component. It takes precedence over globalOnly.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>hidden</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is hidden on a certain screen size and below. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Get a string which uniquely identifies this UIComponent within the scope of the nearest ancestor NamingContainer component. The id is not necessarily unique across all components in the current view.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>info-class<br />infoClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "INFO".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>info-style<br />infoStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "INFO".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>large-screen<br />largeScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-lg. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>line-break<br />lineBreak (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>If there's more than one message, they can optionally be separated by a line break. By default, the separator is a br tag.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>line-break-tag<br />lineBreakTag (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> <br /> </td>
                <td>If there's more than one message, they can optionally be separated by a line break. By default, the separator is a br tag. You can replace if with an arbitrary HTML snippet.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>medium-screen<br />mediumScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-md. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-lg<br />offsetLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-md<br />offsetMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-sm<br />offsetSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-xs<br />offsetXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>only-most-severe<br />onlyMostSevere (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>By default, b:message shows every message reported for the component. You can limit it to one message by setting this flag to true. In this case, BootsFaces shows only the most important message (measured by the severity level).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>redisplay</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Flag indicating whether previously handled messages are redisplayed or not</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>A boolean value that indicates whether this component should be rendered. Default value: true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-detail<br />showDetail (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Specifies whether the detailed information from the message should be shown. Default to true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-icon<br />showIcon (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>If false, the icon of the message is not show. Default = true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-summary<br />showSummary (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Specifies whether the summary information from the message should be shown. Defaults to true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>small-screen<br />smallScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-sm. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>span</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>HTML: CSS styling instructions.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The CSS class for this element.  Corresponds to the HTML 'class' attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tiny-screen<br />tinyScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-xs. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>visible</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is shown on a certain screen size and above. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>warn-class<br />warnClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "WARN".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>warn-style<br />warnStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "WARN".</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
