<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:messages &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>col-lg<br />colLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-md<br />colMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-sm<br />colSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-xs<br />colXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dir</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>HTML: The direction of text display, either 'ltr' (left-to-right) or 'rtl' (right-to-left).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>display</td>
                <td> block </td>
                <td>If you use the "visible" attribute, the value of this attribute is added. Legal values: block, inline, inline-block. Default: block.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>error-class<br />errorClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "ERROR".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>error-style<br />errorStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "ERROR".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>escape</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>By default, error messages encode HTML and JavaScript code. Instead of being executed, the source code is displayed. This protects you against hacker attacks. By setting escape=false, you deactivate the protection, and allow HTML and JavaScript code to be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fatal-class<br />fatalClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "FATAL".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fatal-style<br />fatalStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "FATAL".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>for</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Optional id or search expression. Only the messages of the component defined by the id and its children are shown. By default, the algorithm checks the ids, which means the the 'for' component has to be a NamingContainer. Note that this algorithm fails if you use the prependId='false'. Alternatively, you can activate a slower but more flexible algorithm by setting 'recursive' to true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>global-only<br />globalOnly (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Specifies whether only messages (FacesMessage objects) not associated with a specific component should be displayed, ie whether messages should be ignored if they are attached to a particular component. Defaults to false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>hidden</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is hidden on a certain screen size and below. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Get a string which uniquely identifies this UIComponent within the scope of the nearest ancestor NamingContainer component. The id is not necessarily unique across all components in the current view.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>info-class<br />infoClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "INFO".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>info-style<br />infoStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "INFO".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>large-screen<br />largeScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-lg. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>line-break<br />lineBreak (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>If there's more than one message, they can optionally be separated by a line break. By default, the separator is a br tag.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>line-break-tag<br />lineBreakTag (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> <br /> </td>
                <td>If there's more than one message, they can optionally be separated by a line break. By default, the separator is a br tag. You can replace if with an arbitrary HTML snippet.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>medium-screen<br />mediumScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-md. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-lg<br />offsetLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-md<br />offsetMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-sm<br />offsetSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-xs<br />offsetXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>only-most-severe<br />onlyMostSevere (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>By default, b:messages shows every message reported. You can limit it to the most important messages by setting this flag to true. In this case, BootsFaces shows only the message with the severity level.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>recursive</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>If set to true, b:messages checks the for attributes using a slower algorithm that doesn't require you to put the component into a namingcontainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>redisplay</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Set the flag indicating whether messages that have already been displayed should be displayed again. By default, messages are always redisplayed. Most likely, you'll want to set this flag to false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>A boolean value that indicates whether this component should be rendered. Default value: true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>severity</td>
                <td>(all)</td>
                <td>Comma separated list of lower case severity names of which messages should be rendered in this component. Allowed severity names: "info", "warn", "error", "fatal".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-detail<br />showDetail (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Specifies whether the detailed information from the message should be shown. Default to true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-icon<br />showIcon (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>If false, the icon of the message is not show. Default = true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>show-summary<br />showSummary (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Specifies whether the summary information from the message should be shown. Defaults to true.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>small-screen<br />smallScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-sm. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>span</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>HTML: CSS styling instructions.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The CSS class for this element.  Corresponds to the HTML 'class' attribute.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tiny-screen<br />tinyScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-xs. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>If true, the message summary will be rendered as a tooltip (i.e. HTML title attribute).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>visible</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is shown on a certain screen size and above. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>warn-class<br />warnClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS class to be used for messages with severity "WARN".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>warn-style<br />warnStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>CSS style to be used for messages with severity "WARN".</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
