<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

        <ui:define name="content">
            <h1>Search Expressions <b:badge value="since 0.8.0" /></h1>
                <p>Inspired by PrimeFaces, BootsFaces implements a couple of powerful search expressions to make your life easier.
                In almost every case, you can get rid of ids. Use <code>@form</code>,
                <code>@next</code>,<code>@previous</code>,<code>@parent</code> and even jQuery-Expressions like <code>@(.css-class)</code> instead.</p>

                <h2>State of the art</h2>
                <p>The search expressions can be used with the <code>update</code> and <code>process</code> attributes of the AJAX-enabled BootsFaces components.
                For these components, the search expressions should also work with traditional <code>&lt;f:ajax /&gt;</code> facets (although we discourage
                the use of these AJAX facets - in most cases you don't need them).</p>

                <h2>Basic usage</h2>
                <p>Like in standard JSF, you can use ids to determine which region of the DOM to update:</p>
                <b:well>
	                <script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1"><![CDATA[
	                   <h:body>
	                     <b:tabView id="tabViewId">
	                       <b:tab>
	                         <h:form>
	                            <b:panel id="panelId">
	                              <b:commandButton update=":tabViewId" />
	                              <b:commandButton update="panelId" />
	                            </b:panel>
	                          </h:form>
	                       </b:tab>
	                     </b:tabView>
	                   </h:body>
	                ]]></script>
                </b:well>
				<p>The preceding colon indicates that <code>:tabViewId</code> isn't inside the "naming container" - usually a form or a custom composite component -
				but in the root of the JSF component tree. The <code>panelId</code> is direct descendant of the form, so it doesn't need a colon.</p>

				<h2>Standard JSF search expressions</h2>
				<p>Standard JSF introduces several search expressions, basically shortcut allowing you to get rid of the ids in many cases:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>@form is the form surrounding the button.</li>
					<li>@this the the command button itself.</li>
					<li>@all is the entire JSF page. Note that BootsFaces doesn't support @all yet. In any case, use @all only in there's no other way: it's very
					inefficient, because it forces every JavaScript library to reinitialize.</li>
					<li>@none is an exotic special case. It doesn't update anything. You sometimes need it to trigger an action on the server,
					but don't want to display anything new on the client.</li>
				</ul>

				<h2>PrimeFaces search expressions supported by BootsFaces</h2>
				<p>PrimeFaces adds a couple of very useful search expressions, which are supported by BootsFaces, too. (Actually, @next and @previous originally were
				contributed to PrimeFaces by one of the BootsFaces team members):</p>
				<ul>
					<li>@previous finds the previous JSF element in the same level of the JSF tree. Note that this usually is different from the predecessor in the HMTL tree.</li>
					<li>@next finds the next JSF element in the same level of the JSF tree.</li>
					<li>@parent finds the parent element of the current widget in the JSF tree.</li>
                    <li>@child(n) yields a certain child of the currently selected JSF subtree. However, I don't recommend using this search expression. It's extremely
                    vulnerable to changes of your JSF view.</li>
                    <li>@() jquery expressions. These expressions are evaluated on the client. The most useful application is <code>@(.css-class)</code> to find
                    one or more elements with a given CSS class. The advantage of the jQuery expressions is that you aren't restricted to by the
                    JSF tree. Instead, the jQuery expressions always searches the entires DOM tree. Be careful: sometimes this can result in
                    unexpected results, such as sending multiple forms simultaneously to the server, which is forbidden by HTML. Note that the
                    algorithm parsing the jQuery expression is very primitive. Don't add spaces to the jQuery expression. Otherwise, it is treated
                    as two distinct jQuery expressions.</li>
				</ul>

				<h2>BootsFaces search expressions</h2>
				<p>Standard JSF introduces several search expressions, basically shortcuts allowing you to get rid of the ids in many cases:</p>
				<ul>
                    <li>@after is similar to @next, but it yields every JSF node following the current one. Very useful if one of more input fields
                    are to be activated or deactivated depending on a checkbox. There's an example below.</li>
                    <li>@before is similar to @previous, but it yields every JSF node preceding the current one.</li>
					<li>@findIdRecursive(id) find an id anywhere in the JSF tree below the currently select node. For instance, <code>@form:**:someId</code> looks for <code>someId</code>,
					considering the entire form.</li>
					<li>** shortcut for @findIdRecursive</li>
                    <li>@id and @findIdRecursively are synonyms of @findIdRecursive</li>
					<li>@findId(id)  find an id, but restrict the search to the top-most level of the tree</li>
					<li>*:id shortcut for @findId </li>
					<li>@findPartialId(id)  find one or many ids, given by a wildcard expression: <code>*suffix</code>, <code>prefix*</code> or <code>prefix*suffix</code>.
					Only the topmost level is considered.</li>
					<li>*id shortcut for @findPartialId</li>
					<li>@findPartialIdRecursive(id)  find one or many ids, given by a wildcard expression: <code>*suffix</code>, <code>prefix*</code> or <code>prefix*suffix</code>.
					Searches the entire tree.</li>
					<li>**:*id or **:id* or **:*id* shortcut for @findPartialIdRecursive </li>
				</ul>

				<h2>PrimeFaces search expressions BootsFaces does not support</h2>
				<p>There are a few PrimeFaces search expressions BootsFaces does not support:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>@namingcontainer</li>
					<li>@composite</li>
					<li>@row(n)</li>
					<li>@widgetVar(name) (doesn't make sense in BootsFaces, because BootsFaces doesn't use the concept of client-side widgets)</li>
				</ul>


<!--
                <script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1"><![CDATA[
                   emtpy
                ]]></script>
-->

                <h2>Classical use cases</h2>
                <p>The reason why one of us (Stephan) originally invented <code>@next</code> and <code>@previous</code> was that he'd
                observed that input fields typically occur as a triplet: a label, the input field itself and an error message.
                It's rather cumbersome and error-prone to implement this using ids, but it's pretty straightforward with
                <code>@next</code> and <code>@previous</code>. As a bonus, you can copy and paste input field much more
                easily, and you can even move them from one form to another without updating the id. In fact, the only reason
                why the example below uses ids is because you need to knwo the id in order to create messages on the
                server side.</p>

                <h:form id="oneToTenFormId">
                  <b:tabView id="simpleTabViewId">
                    <b:tab title="live preview" id="simpleTabId">
                      <b:well>
                        <b:panelGrid columns="3">
                          <p:outputLabel for="@next" value="Enter a number between 1 and 10"/>
                          <b:inputText value="#{imageGallery.oneToTen}" onkeyup="ajax:imageGallery.validateNumber()" update="@previous @next"
                                       id="oneToTenId"/>
                          <b:message for="@previous"/>
                        </b:panelGrid>
                      </b:well>
                    </b:tab>
                    <b:tab title="JSF markup">
                      <b:well>
                        <script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
						<![CDATA[
                      <b:panelGrid columns="3">
                        <p:outputLabel for="@next" value="Enter a number between 1 and 10"/>
                        <b:inputText value="#{imageGallery.oneToTen}" onkeyup="ajax:imageGallery.validateNumber()" update="@previous @next"
                                     id="oneToTenId"/>
                        <b:message for="@previous"/>
                      </b:panelGrid>
						]]></script>
                      </b:well>
                    </b:tab>
                    <b:tab title="Java class">
                      <b:well>
                        <script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: java; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
            			<![CDATA[
                          	@Min(value=1, message="This number is smaller than 1.")
                          	@Max(value=10, message="This number is larger than 10.")
                          	private int oneToTen;

                          	public void validateNumber() {
                          		if (oneToTen>=1 && oneToTen <=10) {
                          			FacesMessages.info("oneToTenFormId:oneToTenId", "", "Well done!");
                          		}
                          	}
            			]]></script>
                      </b:well>
                    </b:tab>
                  </b:tabView>
                </h:form>

                <h2>More advanced live demo</h2>
				<p>This demo shows some of the options at a glance.</p>
				<ui:include src="searchExpressionsSimpleDemo.xhtml"></ui:include>

				<h2>All-in-One-Demo (aka cheat sheet)</h2>
				<p>This demo shows most options on a single screen. Most buttons modify the images. The buttons in the image row modify the image in the same row. The buttons below modify
				the entire page. Some buttons also show the appearance of the button itself (by counting up the numbers). As you can see, you can freely combine every option
				the search expression framework gives you.</p>
				<ui:include src="searchExpressionsAllInOneDemo.xhtml"></ui:include>

            <br />

            <script type="text/javascript">
                SyntaxHighlighter.all();
            </script>
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
