<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Attributes of &lt;b:selectMultiMenu &gt;</b>
			</f:facet>
			<table class="table table-striped table-hover"
				style="background-color: #fff">
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Attribute</th>
						<th>Default value</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
					    <td>accesskey</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Access key to transfer focus to the input element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>alt</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Alternate textual description of the input element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>binding</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>An el expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>dir</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Direction indication for text that does not inherit directionality.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>disabled</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Disables the input element, default is false.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>fieldSize</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The size of the input.Possible values are xs (extra small), sm (small), md (medium) and lg (large) .</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>id</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>immediate</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Flag indicating that, if this component is activated by the user, notifications should be delivered to interested listeners and actions immediately (that is, during Apply Request Values phase) rather than waiting until Invoke Application phase. Default is false.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>label</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The Label of the field .</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>lang</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>A localized user presentable name.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>maxHeight</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Maximum height of the options panel.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>nonSelectedText</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Text which is displayed if no option has been selected.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>nSelectedText</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Text which is displayed if more than numberDisplayed options have been selected.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>allSelectedText</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Text which is displayed if every option has been selected.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>numberDisplayed</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Maximum number of options displayed in the button.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>includeSelectAllOption</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>If true, you can select every option with a single click.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>selectAllText</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The text displayed for the select all option.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>enableFiltering</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Set to true or false to enable or disable the filter. A filter input will be added to dynamically filter all options.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>filterPlaceholder</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The placeholder used for the filter input.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>radiobuttons</td>
					    <td> false </td>
					    <td>Set to true to display radiobuttons instead of checkboxes. Of course, in this case you can only select one option, so the widget's name is sort of a misnomer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>disableIfEmpty</td>
					    <td> false </td>
					    <td>If true, the button is disabled if no options are given.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>dropRight</td>
					    <td> false </td>
					    <td>Moves the drop-down-area from the left hand side to the right hand side.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>onchange</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Client side callback to execute when input element loses focus and its value has been modified since gaining focus.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>ondropdownshow</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Client side callback called when the drop-down area is shown.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>ondropdownhide</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Client side callback called when the drop-down area is hidden.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>buttonClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The CSS class of the button.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>styleClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Style class of the input element. Is translated to the buttonContainer attribute.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>buttonWidth</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The width of the multiselect button may be fixed using this option.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>enableCaseInsensitiveFiltering</td>
					    <td> false </td>
					    <td>If set to true, the filter is case-insensitive.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>placeholder</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The placeholder attribute shows text in a field until the field is focused upon, then hides the text.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>readonly</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Flag indicating that this input element will prevent changes by the user.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>renderLabel</td>
					    <td> true </td>
					    <td>Allows you to suppress automatic rendering of labels. Used by AngularFaces, too.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rendered</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>required</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value Require input in the component when the form is submitted.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>requiredMessage</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Message to show if the user did not specify a value and the attribute required is set to true.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>size</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>Number of characters used to determine the width of the input element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>span</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The size of the input specified as number of grid columns.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>style</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tabindex</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Advisory tooltip information.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>title</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Advisory tooltip information.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelay</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayHide</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayShow</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipPosition</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>value</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Value.</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
		</b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
