<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:selectOneMenu &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
        style="background-color: #fff">
        <thead>
          <tr>
            <th>Attribute</th>
            <th>Default value</th>
            <th>Description</th>
          </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <tr>
              <td>accesskey</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Access key to transfer focus to the input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>ajax</td>
              <td>false</td>
              <td>Activates AJAX. The default value is false (no AJAX).</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>alt</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Alternate textual description of the input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>binding</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>An el expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>dir</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Direction indication for text that does not inherit directionality. Legal values: ltr (Default. Left-to-right text direction), rtl (Right-to-left text direction) and auto (let the browser figure out the direction of your alphebet, based on the page content).</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>disabled</td>
              <td>false</td>
              <td>Disables the input element, default is false.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>field-size<br />fieldSize (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>The size of the input. Possible values are xs (extra small), sm (small), md (medium) and lg (large) .</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>id</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>immediate</td>
              <td>false</td>
              <td>Flag indicating that, if this component is activated by the user, notifications should be delivered to interested listeners and actions immediately (that is, during Apply Request Values phase) rather than waiting until Invoke Application phase. Default is false.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>inline</td>
              <td> false </td>
              <td>Inline forms are more compact and put the label to the left hand side of the input field instead of putting it above the input field. Inline applies only to screens that are at least 768 pixels wide.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>label</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>The label of the field.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>lang</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Code describing the language used in the generated markup for this component.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onblur</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when input element loses focus.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onchange</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when input element loses focus and its value has been modified since gaining focus.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onclick</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>OnClick DHTML event .</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>oncomplete</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Javascript to be executed when ajax completes with success.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>ondblclick</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when input element is double clicked.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onfocus</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when input element receives focus.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onkeydown</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a key is pressed down over input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onkeypress</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a key is pressed and released over input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onkeyup</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a key is released over input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onmousedown</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is pressed down over input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onmousemove</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved within input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onmouseout</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved away from input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onmouseover</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is moved onto input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onmouseup</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when a pointer input element is released over input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>onselect</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Client side callback to execute when text within input element is selected by user.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>placeholder</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>The placeholder attribute shows text in a field until the field is focused upon, then hides the text.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>process</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Comma or space separated list of ids or search expressions denoting which values are to be sent to the server.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>readonly</td>
              <td>false</td>
              <td>Flag indicating that this input element will prevent changes by the user.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>render-label<br />renderLabel (alternative writing)</td>
              <td> true </td>
              <td>Allows you to suppress automatic rendering of labels. Used by AngularFaces, too.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>rendered</td>
              <td>false</td>
              <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>required</td>
              <td>false</td>
              <td>Boolean value Require input in the component when the form is submitted.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>required-message<br />requiredMessage (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Message to show if the user did not specify a value and the attribute required is set to true.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>size</td>
              <td>0 </td>
              <td>Number of characters used to determine the width of the input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>span</td>
              <td>0 </td>
              <td>The size of the input specified as number of grid columns.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>style</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Style class of the input element.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tabindex</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Position of this element in the tabbing order for the current document.  This value must be an integer between 0 and 32767.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>title</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Advisory tooltip information.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tooltip</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
              <td> body </td>
              <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering error in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>0 </td>
              <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>0 </td>
              <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>0 </td>
              <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>update</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Component(s) to be updated with ajax.</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
              <td>value</td>
              <td>(none)</td>
              <td>Value.</td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
