<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough">

            <ui:define name="content">
                <h1>Modals</h1>
                <p>Modals are streamlined, but flexible, dialog prompts with the minimum required functionality and smart defaults.</p>
                <p><strong>Modal options</strong></p>
                <p>You can specify a Header with the <code>title</code> attribute. Modals have a dismiss button(a cross) in the upper right corner by default.</p>
                <p>The <code>&lt;b:modal&gt;</code> tag has also a facet with name <code>footer</code> where you can add buttons for dismissing the modal or for other actions.</p>
                <p>Notice that the <code>&lt;b:button&gt;</code> tag must have the <code>dismiss="modal"</code> attribute in order to dismiss the modal when clicked.</p>
                
                <h4>Triggering Modals</h4>
                <p>You have three ways to create a Button that triggers a Modal:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Using HTML markup - a styled <code>&lt;a&gt;</code> tag with href and data attributes.</li>
                    <li>Using HTML markup - a styled <code>&lt;button&gt;</code> tag with two data attributes.</li>
                    <li>Using JSF BootsFaces markup - a <code>&lt;b:button&gt;</code> tag with passthrough data attributes and a little javascript to prevent click event.</li>
                </ul>
                <p>Note: if your intendended use is to trigger a data submission that shows the results in a Modal, then have a look at the <h:link outcome="/forms/commandButton" value="commandButton"/> documentation.</p>
                <p>The following example shows you how to use the three kinds of trigger.</p>
                <p class="text-warning"><b>Overlapping modals is not supported:</b> be sure not to open a modal while another is still visible. Showing more than one modal at a time requires custom code.</p>
                
                
                <b:panel look="info">
                    <f:facet name="heading"><b>EXAMPLE - Triggering a modal</b></f:facet>
                    <b:modal id="amodal" title="Modal Example">
                        <p>Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum. Cras justo odio, dapibus ac facilisis in, egestas eget quam. Morbi leo risus, porta ac consectetur ac, vestibulum at eros.</p>
                        <p>Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue laoreet rutrum faucibus dolor auctor.</p>
                        <p>Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Donec sed odio dui. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla.</p>
                        <p>Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum. Cras justo odio, dapibus ac facilisis in, egestas eget quam. Morbi leo risus, porta ac consectetur ac, vestibulum at eros.</p>
                        <p>Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue laoreet rutrum faucibus dolor auctor.</p>
                        <p>Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Donec sed odio dui. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla.</p>
                        <f:facet name="footer">
                            <b:button value="close" dismiss="modal" onclick="return false;"/>
                            <b:button value="Ok" look="primary" dismiss="modal" onclick="return false;"/>
                        </f:facet>
                    </b:modal>
                    <b:row>
                        <b:column span="4">
                            <a id="atrigger" class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" href="#amodal" data-toggle="modal">Trigger (HTML A tag)</a>
                        </b:column>
                        <b:column span="4">
                            <button id="btrigger" class="btn btn-info btn-lg" data-target="#amodal" data-toggle="modal">Trigger (HTML Button)</button>
                        </b:column>
                        <b:column span="4">
                            <b:button value="Trigger (JSF passthrough)" look="success" p:data-target="#amodal" p:data-toggle="modal" onclick="return false;" size="lg"/>
                        </b:column>
                    </b:row>

                    <f:facet name="footer">
                        <strong>Markup:</strong><br/>

                        <script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;first-line: 0">
                            <![CDATA[
                            <b:modal id="amodal" title="Modal Example">
                            <p>Modal body</p>
                                <f:facet name="footer">
                                    <b:button value="close" dismiss="modal" onclick="return false;"/>
                                    <b:button value="Ok" look="primary" dismiss="modal" onclick="return false;"/>
                                </f:facet>
                            </b:modal>
                            <b:row>
                                <b:column span="4">
                                    <a id="atrigger" class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" href="#amodal" data-toggle="modal">Trigger (HTML A tag)</a>
                                </b:column>
                                <b:column span="4">
                                    <button id="btrigger" class="btn btn-info btn-lg" data-target="#amodal" data-toggle="modal">Trigger (HTML Button)</button>
                                </b:column>
                                <b:column span="4">
                                    <b:button value="Trigger (JSF passthrough)" look="success" p:data-target="#amodal" p:data-toggle="modal" onclick="return false;" size="lg"/>
                                </b:column>
                            </b:row>
                            ]]></script>
                    </f:facet>
                </b:panel>
                
                <h4>Troubleshooting</h4>
                <p>Using <code>ids</code> is always a bit tricky in JSF. 
                Don't put your modal dialog into a form. If you do, be aware that the id is modified. The <code>href</code> of the <code>b:button</code> refers
                to the <code>id</code> in the HTML code, not to the <code>id</code> of the source code. JSF prepends the ids of the parent containers
                to the <code>id</code> of <code>b:modal</code>.</p>
                <p>In general, it's a better idea to use a pseudo CSS class instead of an <code>id</code>. That's a <code>styleClass</code> that may or may not have
                CSS instructions applied to it. Pure pseudo CSS classes don't influence the layout at all. They are simply a convenient alternative to ids. Instead
                of writing <code>href="#someId"</code> you can write <code>href=".somePseudoClass"</code>. JSF never modifies CSS class names, so they are a good
                alternative to using <code>ids</code>.</p>
                <br/> <br/>       
                
                <script type="text/javascript">
                    SyntaxHighlighter.all();
                </script>
                
            </ui:define>
</ui:composition>