<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:modal &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>backdrop</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>By default, you can close a modal dialog by clicking somewhere outside the modal. Set backdrop="false" to disable this feature.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>closable</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>If true, the modal dialog can be closed by clicking the small cross in the upper right corner</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>close-on-escape<br />closeOnEscape (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>By default, users can close modal dialogs by hitting the ESC key. Set close-on-escape="false" to disable this feature.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-class<br />contentClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>content-class is optional: if specified, the content will be displayed with this specific class</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-style<br />contentStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the content area.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>header-class<br />headerClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The style class of the header is optional. If specified, it will add a CSS style class to the header.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>header-style<br />headerStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The style of the header is optional. If specified, it will add the CSS style to the header.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>size</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Modal's size. Possible values modal-sm, modal-lg</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>title</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Bold title displayed in the modal's header.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
