<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:slider2 &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>badge-style<br />badgeStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the badge or input field (if it's shown).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>badge-style-class<br />badgeStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of the badge or input field (if it's shown).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>binding</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>An EL expression referring to a server side UIComponent instance in a backing bean.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>disabled</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>If true, you can't move the slider, nor can you edit the number.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>focus</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Focus the appropriate slider handle after a value change.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>formatter</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Javascript function that returns the plain value to be displayed in the tooltip</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>handle-shape<br />handleShape (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> round </td>
                <td>Handle shape. Accepts: 'round', 'square', 'triangle' or 'custom'</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>inline</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Inline forms are more compact and put the label to the left hand side of the input field instead of putting it above the input field. Inline applies only to screens that are at least 768 pixels wide.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>label</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Label for the widget field.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>label-style<br />labelStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The CSS inline style of the label.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>label-style-class<br />labelStyleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The CSS class of the label.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>labelled-by<br />labelledBy (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Labels for the slider handle's, Use array for multiple values in a range slider.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>max</td>
                <td> 100 </td>
                <td>The maximum value of the slider. (default 100)</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>min</td>
                <td> 0 </td>
                <td>The maximum value of the slider. (default 0)</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>mode</td>
                <td> badge </td>
                <td>Mode of the Slider Widget. There are three modes available : badge, edit and basic. In basic mode, only the slider and the label(if present) will be shown and the slider value will be hidden. In badge mode, the default, the slider value will be shown in a badge. In edit mode, an editable input field showing the slider value will be shown; in this mode you can change the value by sliding or editing the value in the field.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>natural_arrow_keys</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>The natural order is used for the arrow keys. Arrow up select the upper slider value for vertical sliders, arrow right the righter slider value for a horizontal slider - no matter if the slider was reversed or not. By default the arrow keys are oriented by arrow up/right to the higher slider value, arrow down/left to the lower slider value.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>orientation</td>
                <td> horizontal </td>
                <td>Set the orientation. Accepts 'vertical' or 'horizontal'</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>precision</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The number of digits shown after the decimal. Defaults to the number of digits after the decimal of step value.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>reversed</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Whether or not the slider should be reversed</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>scale</td>
                <td> linear </td>
                <td>Set to 'logarithmic' to use a logarithmic scale.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>selection</td>
                <td> before </td>
                <td>Selection placement. Accepts: 'before', 'after' or 'none'. In case of a range slider, the selection will be placed between the handles.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>span</td>
                <td> 12 </td>
                <td>The column span of the slider.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>step</td>
                <td> 1 </td>
                <td>Increment step</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the entire slider.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of the entire slider.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-slider-position<br />tooltipSliderPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Position of tooltip, relative to slider. Accepts 'top'/'bottom' for horizontal sliders and 'left'/'right' for vertically orientated sliders. Default positions are 'top' for horizontal and 'right' for vertical slider.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-split<br />tooltipSplit (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>If false show one tootip if true show two tooltips one for each handler.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-visibility<br />tooltipVisibility (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> show </td>
                <td>Whether to show the tooltip on drag, hide the tooltip, or always show the tooltip. Accepts: 'show', 'hide', or 'always'.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>value</td>
                <td> 5 </td>
                <td>Initial position of the slider.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
