<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<style>
		td {
			padding: 8px;
		}
		</style>
		<h1>SocialShare (&lt;b:socialShare /&gt;)</h1>

		<p>SocialShare is a simple component that display a list of social button to share your content on these systems.</p>
		<br/>
		<h1>Basic usage</h1>
		<p>The usage is very simple: You can set a list of shares and than provide a custom text to share or an url. If you do not provide this informations, it takes the current url. 
		You can also show label and counts about your share.</p>
			
		<br/>
		<b:tabView activeIndex="1">
			<b:tab title="JSF markup">
				<script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
						<![CDATA[
							<b>Full configuration with data protection (see below)</b><br/>
					        <b:socialShare shares="twitter,linkedin,facebook"  
                                           showLabel="true" show-count="false" 
                                           text="BootsFaces rocks!" block-message="Click to unblock the share buttons" />
					        <br/>
					        <b>Basic configuration</b><br/>
					        <b:socialShare shares="twitter,linkedin" 
                                           disable-block="true" />
						]]>
				</script>
			</b:tab>
			<b:tab title="displayed as" contentStyle="border:1px solid ;padding:10px">
				<b:well>
							<b>Configuration with data protection (see below)</b><br/>
					        <b:socialShare shares="twitter,linkedin,facebook"  
                                           showLabel="true" show-count="false" 
                                           text="BootsFaces rocks!" block-message="Click to unblock the share buttons" />
					        <br/>
					        <b>Basic configuration</b><br/>
					        <b:socialShare shares="twitter,linkedin,facebook" 
					                       show-count="false"
                                           disable-block="true" />
				</b:well>
			</b:tab>
		</b:tabView>
		<br/>
		<br/>

		<h1>Legal considerations, privacy, data protection and "Datensparsamkeit"</h1>
		<p>By default, already showing a social share button sends a request to the social media platform. At least, that's the case with FaceBook. Plus,
		many people are not aware that clicking a social share button informs the social media platform what they are doing. Thus, the social media platform
		gathers data about what you're doing in the web without giving you the option to opt out.</p>
		<p>That, in turn, is illegal in many countries, especially in the EU.</p>
		<p>To solve the problem, we've implemented a two-click solution. By default, the social share button is blocked by an overlay, as you can see below.
		Clicking the button unlocks it functionality. A second click opens the "share" window.</p>
		<p>However, please double-check if a request is sent to the server at page load time. Among other things, it's easy to forget to set <code>show-count</code>
		to false. Data protection also requires you to set the <code>count</code> attribute to false because the fetching the number of share also amount to sending
		an http request to the social media platform.</p>
		
		<p>NB. If you want to use the default blocking functionality, you must activate the blockUI plugin of the Bootsfaces Project, 
		using the web.xml parameter <code>net.bootsfaces.blockUI</code>(See page: <a href="../miscellaneous/Configuration.jsf">Configuration</a>)</p>
		<b:tabView activeIndex="1">
			<b:tab title="JSF markup">
				<script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
						<![CDATA[
							<b>Full configuration</b><br/>
					        <b:socialShare shares="twitter,linkedin"  
                                           showLabel="true" show-count="false" 
                                           text="BootsFaces rocks!" block-message="Click to unblock the share buttons" />
					        <br/>
						]]>
				</script>
			</b:tab>
			<b:tab title="displayed as" contentStyle="border:1px solid ;padding:10px">
				<b:well>
					<b>Full configuration</b><br/>
				        <b:socialShare shares="twitter,linkedin"  
	                                         showLabel="true" show-count="false" 
	                                         text="BootsFaces rocks!" block-message="Click to unblock the share buttons" />
					<br/>
				</b:well>
			</b:tab>
		</b:tabView>
		
		<br/>
		<br/>
		
		<ui:include src="SocialShareAttributes.xhtml" />

		<script type="text/javascript">
      		SyntaxHighlighter.all();
    	</script>
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
