<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:tab &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>ajax</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Activates AJAX. The default value is false (no AJAX).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-disabled<br />contentDisabled (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> false </td>
                <td>Enables or disables every child element of this container. By default, child elements are enabled.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>content-style<br />contentStyle (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline CSS of the div surrounding the tab pane.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dir</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Direction indication for text that does not inherit directionality. Legal values: ltr (Default. Left-to-right text direction), rtl (Right-to-left text direction) and auto (let the browser figure out the direction of your alphabet, based on the page content).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>disabled</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Disables the input element, default is false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>immediate</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Flag indicating that, if this component is activated by the user, notifications should be delivered to interested listeners and actions immediately (that is, during Apply Request Values phase) rather than waiting until Invoke Application phase. Default is false.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Read-write property setting the offset from the beginning of the collection from which to start the iteration. If not set, this offset is not considered and iteration will start at the beginning of the collection.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>onclick</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Optional JavaScript function that's called when the tab is clicked.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>oncomplete</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>JavaScript to be executed when ajax completes with success.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>process</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Comma or space separated list of ids or search expressions denoting which values are to be sent to the server.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>size</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Read-write property setting the size of the collection to iterate. The value of this attribute must be less than or equal to the actual size of the collection, or a FacesException must be thrown.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>step</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Iteration will only process every step items of the collection, starting with the first one.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline CSS of the tab.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of the div surrounding the tab pane.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>title</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Caption of the tab.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>update</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Component(s) to be updated with ajax.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>value</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The name of a collection of items that this tag iterates over. The collection may be a List, array, java.sql.ResultSet, or an individual java Object. If the collection is null, this tag does nothing.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>var</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Name of the exported scoped variable for the current item of the iteration. This scoped variable has nested visibility. Its type depends on the object of the underlying collection</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>varStatus</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Name of the exported request scoped variable for the status of the iteration. Object is a POJO with the following read-only JavaBeans properties: begin, end, index, step, even, odd, first, and last. This scoped variable has nested visibility.</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
