<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
  <h:head>
    <title>BootsFaces: next-gen JSF Framework</title>
  <meta name="author" content="Riccardo Massera"></meta>
  </h:head>
  <h:body style="padding-top: 60px">
    <ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml">
      <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
        <h3>Effective Starting: May 25, 2018</h3>

                        <b:well>

        <h1>Cookies</h1>
<p>A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device.<br/>
Like many websites, we use cookies only where strictly necessary for technical reasons such as setting up a session and to collect website usage data.<br/>
Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is trying to store a cookie on your browser.<br/>
However, this website may not function properly if you disable cookies. When your browser or device allows it, we use session cookies to better understand how you interact with our website and to keep track of aggregate usage patterns.</p>
<p>#{' '}</p>
        <h1>Google Analytics</h1>
<p>This website uses the "Google Analytics" service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to analyze users website usage.<br/>
The service uses "cookies" - text files stored on your device.<br/>
The information collected by the cookies is usually sent to a Google server in the US and stored there.</p>
<p>#{' '}</p>
<p>A IP anonymization is applied to accesses to this website.<br/>
The IP address of users is shortened within the member states of the EU and the European Economic Area.<br/>
This shortening eliminates the personal reference of your IP address.<br/>
Google Inc. uses the information collected to compute statistics on website utilization and user activity, under the terms of the service agreement.</p>
<p>#{' '}</p>
        <h1>Preventing the storage of Cookies</h1>
<p>You have the option to prevent the storage of cookies on your computer or mobile device by making the appropriate settings in your browser.<br/>
There is no guarantee that you will be able to access all features of this website if your browser does not allow cookies.</p>
<p>#{' '}</p>
<p>Furthermore, you can use a browser plug-in to prevent the information collected by cookies (including your IP address)<br/>
from being sent to Google Inc. and used by Google Inc.<br/>
The following link leads you to the corresponding plugin:<br/>
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en</p>
<p>You can find more information on Google Inc's data usage here:<br/>
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en</p>
<p>#{' '}</p>
        <h2>Other Websites</h2>
<p>Our website contains links to other websites.<br/> 
This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you click ona a link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.</p>
<p>#{' '}</p>
        <h2>Updates to the Policy</h2>
<p>This Policy may be updated from time to time.  If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the "effective starting" date at the top of this Page. </p>
                        </b:well>

      </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
  </h:body>
</html>
