<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <style>
            td {
                padding: 8px;
            }
        </style>
        <h1>Configuration: <code>web.xml</code> and <code>faces-config.xml</code> </h1>
        <p>You can tweak the behaviour of BootsFaces by a couple of global parameters in the <code>web.xml</code>.</p>

        <h3>Mobile support</h3>
        <p>By default, BootsFaces adds a viewport meta tag needed for a smooth experience on mobile devices:</p>
        <p><code>&lt;meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"&gt;</code></p>
        <p>However, if this setting stands in your way, you can deactivate it by setting the context parameter
        <code>BootsFaces_USE_VIEWPORT</code> to false.</p>
        <p>This parameter must not contain EL expressions.</p>
        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>BootsFaces_USE_VIEWPORT</param-name>
                      <param-value>false</param-value>
                  </context-param>
            ]]></script>
        </b:well>


        <h3>Themes</h3>
        <p><code>BootsFaces_THEME</code> selects the Bootstrap theme your application uses. Defaults to (guess what) "default". Legal values
        are the name of the theme, "default" or "custom". This expression may contain EL expressions. It is evaluated
        each time a page is rendered.
        </p>
        <p><code>BootsFaces_USETHEME</code> should always be set to <code>true</code> unless you use your own custom theme. This expression may contain EL expressions. It is evaluated
        each time a page is rendered.</p>
        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                  <!-- The BootsFaces_THEME context-param controls the loading of the Themes -->
                  <!-- The default is Bootstrap, the valid values are a Bootswach Theme name (lowercase) or "custom".
                       If custom is chosen, you will have to provide your custom CSS in the "other" folder. -->
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>BootsFaces_THEME</param-name>
                      <param-value>&num;{theme.internalTheme}</param-value>
                  </context-param>
                  <!-- The BootsFaces_USETHEME context-param controls the loading of the bootstrap-theme.css -->
                  <!-- The default is false, when set to true the bootstrap-theme.css will be loaded -->
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>BootsFaces_USETHEME</param-name>
                      <param-value>true</param-value>
                  </context-param>
             ]]></script>
        </b:well>

        <h3>Use your own version of jQuery, jQueryUI, FontAwesome, or Bootstrap instead of using the version BootsFaces brings</h3>
        <p>These parameters allow you to replace the built-in version of these libraries by your own libary.
        For instance, you might prefer to load it from a CDN (hence the name). Setting these parameters to true
        stops BootsFaces from adding them itself. You have to care about that yourself.
        </p>
        <p>Note that setting <code>net.bootsfaces.get_bootstrap_from_cdn</code> is not recommended because it
        removes every CSS file dealing with Bootstrap - including the file <code>bsf.css</code> that contains
        the CSS styles some of the BootsFaces component need. Plus, the parameter does not stop BootsFaces from
        loading the JavaScript code. In most cases, you are be better of setting the theme to "custom".</p>
        <p>Setting the parameters to <code>true</code> stops BootsFaces from adding the resources. These parameters
        may contain EL expressions are are evaluated each time a page is rendered.</p>
        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>net.bootsfaces.get_jquery_from_cdn</param-name>
                      <param-value>false</param-value>
                  </context-param>
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>net.bootsfaces.get_jqueryui_from_cdn</param-name>
                      <param-value>false</param-value>
                  </context-param>
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>net.bootsfaces.get_bootstrap_from_cdn</param-name>
                      <param-value>false</param-value>
                  </context-param>
                  <context-param>
                      <param-name>net.bootsfaces.get_fontawesome_from_cdn</param-name>
                      <param-value>false</param-value>
                  </context-param>
                ]]></script>
        </b:well>

        <h3>Activate or deactivate the BlockUI features (aka waitcursor)</h3>
        <p>By default, BlockUI is not activated. You have to activate it by adding a context parameter to the
        <code>web.xml</code>. This parameter may contain EL expressions. It is evaluated once each time a JSF
        page is rendered. This allows you to activate or deactivate it on a per-page basis.
        </p>
        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                  <!-- Activates the waitcursor and the double-click protection -->
                 <context-param>
                   <param-name>net.bootsfaces.blockUI</param-name>
                   <param-value>&num;{blockUIBean.isBlockUIActive()}</param-value>
                 </context-param>
                ]]></script>
        </b:well>
        <h3>Suppress the automatic rendering of labels</h3>
        <p>By default, BootsFaces renders a label if your provide the <code>label</code> attribute of an input
        field. However, the <code>label</code> is also used for error messages, so sometimes you need more flexibility.
        You can deactivate rendering labels globally by setting <code>net.bootsfaces.defaults.renderLabel</code>
        to false. This parameter may contain EL expression. It is evaluated once each time a page is rendered
        (i.e. it is request scoped).
        </p>
        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                 <context-param>
                   <param-name>net.bootsfaces.defaults.renderLabel</param-name>
                   <param-value>&num;{defaultValuesBean.renderLabel}</param-value>
                 </context-param>
                 ]]></script>
        </b:well>
        <h3>Activate the BootsFaces tag decorator</h3>
        <p>The BootsFaces tag decorator allows you to use a relaxed, HTML5-like coding style in your JSF pages.
        This feature is described in detail <a href="http://127.0.0.1:8080/BootsFacesWeb/layout/div.jsf">here</a>.
        To activate the feature, you have to register the decorator in the <code>web.xml</code>:
        </p>
        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                  <context-param>
                     <param-name>javax.faces.FACELETS_DECORATORS</param-name>
                     <param-value>
                         net.bootsfaces.decorator.BootsFacesTagDecorator
                     </param-value>
                   </context-param>
                ]]></script>
        </b:well>

        <p>After registering the decorator, it is active by default. Sometimes that's not the desired behaviour,
        especially if you have a lot of legacy code that has been written without the decorator in mind.</p>

        <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
                 <context-param>
                   <param-name>net.bootsfaces.defaults.decorator</param-name>
                   <param-value>false</param-value>
                 </context-param>
                ]]></script>
        </b:well>
        <p>In this case you can deactivate the decorator by default, and reactivate it on a per-page basis by adding the
        attribute <code> bootsFacesDecorator="true"</code> to an (almost) arbitrary JSF element:
        </p>
       <b:well>
            <script type="syntaxhighlighter"
                    class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;gutter: false; first-line: 1">
                <![CDATA[
<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml" ...>
  <ui:define name="content" bootsFacesDecorator="true">
    ...
  </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
]]></script>
        </b:well>
        <p> This expression must not contain EL expressions.</p>

        <script type="text/javascript">
            SyntaxHighlighter.all();
        </script>
        <br />
        <br />
        <br />
        <br />
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
