<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
  xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <b:panel look="info">
      <f:facet name="heading">
        <b>Attributes of &lt;b:fullCalendar &gt;</b>
      </f:facet>
      <div class="table-responsive">
        <table class="table table-striped table-hover"
          style="background-color: #fff">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th>Attribute</th>
              <th>Default value</th>
              <th>Description</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>all-day-slot<br />allDaySlot (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>String value to determine if the 'all-day' slot is displayed at the top of the calendar in agenda views</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>business-hours<br />businessHours (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> {start: '8:00', end: '18:00', dow: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]} </td>
                <td>String value that contains the business hours and the days of week, for example: {start: '8:00', end: '18:00', dow: \[1, 2, 3, 4, 5\]}</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>calendar-header<br />calendarHeader (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> {left: 'prev,next today', center: 'title', right: 'month,agendaWeek,agendaDay'} </td>
                <td>String value that contains the calendar header, for example: {left: 'prev,next today', center: 'title', right: 'month,agendaWeek,agendaDay'}</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-lg<br />colLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-md<br />colMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-sm<br />colSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>col-xs<br />colXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>day-click<br />dayClick (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> function(calEvent, jsEvent, view){ $(this).css('background', 'yellow'); } </td>
                <td>String value to bind a javascript function to the on click event of a day; javascript signature is function(calEvent, jsEvent, view){ ... }; calEvent contains a day when clicked on the month's calendar, a day time of a slot otherwise</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>defaultDate</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>String value of default date in iso 8601 format; this is the date where the calendar position is set on loading</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>defaultView</td>
                <td> month </td>
                <td>String value to determine which view to display on page load; use one of month, basicDay, basicWeek, agendaDay, agendaWeek</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>display</td>
                <td> block </td>
                <td>If you use the "visible" attribute, the value of this attribute is added. Legal values: block, inline, inline-block. Default: block.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>editable</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify if this calendar is editable</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>event-click<br />eventClick (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> function(calEvent, jsEvent, view){ $(this).css('background', 'yellow'); } </td>
                <td>String value to bind a javascript function to the on click event on a date; javascript signature is function(calEvent, jsEvent, view){ ... }</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>events</td>
                <td> [] </td>
                <td>String value that contains events of this calendar in json notation; see http:\/\/fullcalendar.io/docs/event_data/Event_Object/ for details; also, use net.bootsfaces.component.fullCalendar.FullCalendarEventList to generate a json string from java beans</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>height</td>
                <td> 480 </td>
                <td>Integer value to specify the height of the calender</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>hidden</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is hidden on a certain screen size and below. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>id</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>lang</td>
                <td> en </td>
                <td>String value to specify the calendar language</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>large-screen<br />largeScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-lg. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on large screens (≥1200 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>medium-screen<br />mediumScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-md. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-lg<br />offsetLg (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-md<br />offsetMd (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-sm<br />offsetSm (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>offset-xs<br />offsetXs (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to offset.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>rendered</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false the component will not be rendered.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>scroll-time<br />scrollTime (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> 06:00:00 </td>
                <td>String value that contains the hour where weekly and daily calendars start, for example: 06:00:00 (default), 12:00:00, 09:00:00</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>slot-duration<br />slotDuration (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> 00:30:00 </td>
                <td>String value to define the duration of a slot; default is 00:30:00 for 30 minutes</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>small-screen<br />smallScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-sm. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on small screens (≥768p pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>span</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Integer value to specify how many columns to span on medium screens (≥992 pixels). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Inline style of the input element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>style-class<br />styleClass (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Style class of this element.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tiny-screen<br />tinyScreen (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> -1 </td>
                <td>Alternative spelling to col-xs. Integer value to specify how many columns to span on tiny screens (≤ 767 pixels wide). The number may optionally be followed by "column" or "columns". Alternative legal values: half, one-third, two-thirds, one-fourth, three-fourths.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-container<br />tooltipContainer (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> body </td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip div generated? That's primarily a technical value that can be used to fix rendering errors in special cases. Also see data-container in the documentation of Bootstrap. The default value is body.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay<br />tooltipDelay (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-hide<br />tooltipDelayHide (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-delay-show<br />tooltipDelayShow (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>0 </td>
                <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>tooltip-position<br />tooltipPosition (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>visible</td>
                <td>(none)</td>
                <td>This column is shown on a certain screen size and above. Legal values: lg, md, sm, xs.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>week-mode<br />weekMode (alternative writing)</td>
                <td> liquid </td>
                <td>String value to specify calendar size, one of liquid, fixed or variable</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>week-numbers<br />weekNumbers (alternative writing)</td>
                <td>false</td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify if this calendar should display week numbers</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>weekends</td>
                <td> true </td>
                <td>Boolean value to specify if this calendar should display weekends</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
    </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
