<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<style>
td {
	padding: 8px;
}
</style>
		<h1>Video (&lt;b:video /&gt;)</h1>

		<p>This component is a simple implementation of the HTML <code>&lt;video /&gt;</code> element.</p>
		<h1>Basic usage</h1>
		<p>Basically, showing a video is as simple as writing &lt;b:video src="http://URL.com/myVideo.mp4" style="width:100%" /&gt;:</p>
		<b:row>
			<b:video small-screen="two-thirds" 
			         src="http://a1.phobos.apple.com/us/r1000/000/Features/atv/AutumnResources/videos/b1-1.mov" 
			         style="width:100%"
			         tooltip="Hawai"
			         tooltip-position="right"/>
		</b:row>
		<h2>Playing videos from your own server</h2>
		<p>Most application servers support playing videos. Using a relative URL usually suffices to play the video: &lt;b:video src="myVideo.mp4" style="width:100%" /&gt;.</p>
		
		<h2>Always set the <code>width</code> attribute</h2>
		<p>It's a good idea to always set the <code>width</code> of the video. In general, setting it to 100% makes it fit in nicely
		with the responsive design of your page. The height of the video is calculated automatically because you can't modify the
		aspect ration of the video. Nonetheless, it's a good idea to set the height, too, in order to prevent the page from 
		flickering while the video is loaded. As long as the browser doesn't know the dimensions of the video, it uses default
		values which are almost always wrong.</p>
		
		<br />
		<br />
		<ui:include src="VideoAttributes.xhtml" />
		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Skinning</b>
			</f:facet>
			<ul>
				<li>Tell the world which CSS classes can be used to change the
					look of the component.</li>
			</ul>
		</b:panel>

		<script type="text/javascript">
      		SyntaxHighlighter.all();
    	</script>
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
